What's the meaning?
Breeding pigs with their own blood can prevent them from becoming red
Calling out is the enemy after you kill someone
Gone is the fire here
No matter where you got the blood-bred pigs from,
But if the child dies, no matter what
There's no way to survive
But what's more, blood-bred pigs are the only way to get rid of them.
It's absolutely impossible to give it to you
Take you as a supervisor
I'll be the one to hand it over quickly.
Otherwise I will kill you
I'm counting your fate, you're crazy
I said I didn't kill my grandson
And one cannot die without killing
The most important thing now is to get your grandson there as soon as possible
Only the case of being accepted into a group is official
I'm not here to hear the lies of a liar.
Am I a liar?
Everyone knows it
And are you a murderer?
Everyone knows it very well
Dear parents, have a blind date
I grew up in the village
haven't done any before
Before I had any conscience
When everyone needs help
If I live outside
You have to believe me
That can only be said
You hid it
Now it's finally revealed
I really am not
Why don't you believe me, boy?
Tuhaiwuya and Yutou City
Hand over heavy rain of blood
We can save your life by following Kehao Elementary School
I'll teach you Yin Yang until
Pessimistic customer service for you
I didn’t expect you to be harmed by a famous chef
Already dedicated to Yi Ji Si Li
Killed the Liu family’s grandson Jinri
I'll kick you out of the house or something